--- Readme for the 'Fan-made Additions' folder ----

This folder contains a number of scripts that can be used to add extra content to MPMB's Character Record Sheet. These are scripts made by MPMB or others for third-party materials (i.e. not from Wizards of the Coast)

There is a also a community for people to create and share content at https://www.reddit.com/r/mpmb/

You can add these materials to the sheets by following these steps:
1) Open a fresh instance of the latest version of MPMB's Character Record Sheet (found here: https://flapkan.com/mpmb/charsheets).
2) Click on the bookmark "Add Extra Materials", or go to the 'JavaScript window'-toolbar and click on the "Import" button and select "Add homebrew material (custom script)" from the menu.
3) From the (sub)menu that appears, select the option "Import a file with additional material".
4) Copy the entire content of the file to the dialogue and press "Add Script".
5) Navigate to the file you want to import in the "Open File" dialogue that opens (this can be an URL that links to the file directly like https://raw.githubusercontent.com), and click "Open".
6) Click "Apply changes" in the 'Import files' dialogue in the PDF and the sheet will process the file(s) you added. You will get a pop-up message if it was successful.

>> Note that you can add as many scripts as you want, simply add the script files one by one. Alternatively, you can first past all the code into a single file and add that in one go.

>> Be sure to add any scripts you want to use before actually filling out the sheet. Adding a script might cause fields to be reset.

>> Each of the files in this folder has comments at the start with information on what the file offers, who made the content, and (if possible) a link to the original content. As always, the abbreviated content provided with these files is meant as a mnemonic and not a replacement for the full description.

You can create your own custom JavaScript to add stuff to MPMB's Character Record Sheet by following the syntax found here: https://flapkan.com/mpmb/syntax

If you decide to make extra content for the sheet, please consider sending me a copy (flapkan@gmail.com) so that I can put it on the "Additional Content" folder. Please send your code in a .txt file, as gmail has a tendency to remove .js attachments.

Good luck with adding extra content and have fun with the sheets!

Cheers,
Joost (a.k.a. morepurplemorebetter)